src/pages/blog/alternative-to-appflow.md, before:

---
title: "Alternative to Ionic Appflow"
description: "Ionic Appflow is the best complete set of tool for your app, sadly they price is not made for all."
author: "Martin Donadieu"
date: "2022-01-02"
head_image: /capgo-feature-image.webp
head_image_alt: Appflow alternative illustration
tag: alternatives
published: false
---

Ionic Appflow is the best complete set of tool for your app, sadly they price is not made for all.

The only other alternative was Microsoft App Center, but they shut down support for apps running on Cordova.

If you are a solo developer, or a small team of developers, you will find that Ionic Appflow is not the best Price for you.

Like you i was complaining about it, but Ionic even they understand the complain, there are not open to change it.

Back in december 2021, i decided to try to fix my biggest pain in my development workflow.

After onw month of trying, i found a solution to download from one url a zip and replace the source of the app.

That where i started to work on Capgo as AppFlow alternative.

The goal is to provide a simple and easy to use solution to push code updates to Capcitor apps.

No Native build, not big toolbox like Ionic, just live updates, for the market they don't want.

Commit message:

feat: add alternative to appflow

src/pages/blog/alternative-to-appflow.md, after:

---
title: "Alternative to Ionic Appflow"
description: "Ionic Appflow is the best complete set of tool for your app, sadly they price is not made for all."
author: "Martin Donadieu"
date: "2022-03-02"
head_image: /appflow_alt.webp
head_image_alt: Appflow alternative illustration
tag: alternatives
published: true
---

Ionic Appflow is the best complete set of tool for your app, sadly they price is not made for all.

The only other alternative was Microsoft App Center, but they shut down support for apps running on Cordova.

If you are a solo developer, or a small team of developers, you will find that Ionic Appflow is not the best Price for you.

Like you i was complaining about it, but Ionic even they understand the complain, there are not open to change it.

Back in december 2021, i decided to try to fix my biggest pain in my Capacitor development workflow.

After onw month of trying, i found a solution to download from one url a zip and replace the source of the app.

That where i started to work on Capgo as AppFlow alternative.

The goal is to provide a simple and easy to use solution to push code updates to Capcitor apps.

No Native build, not big toolbox like Ionic, just live updates, for the market they don't address, Us.

Feel free to join the community to build together, i use it for my own projects too, and even i expect this become my main project in the future.


# Features comparaisons

| Features                      | Capgo                              | Appflow                |
|-------------------------------|------------------------------------|------------------------|
| Live updates                  | ✅                                  | ✅                     |
| Updates channel               | ✅                                  | ✅                     |
| Revert/change channel version | ✅                                  | ❌                     |
| Install Stats                 | 🏋️‍♀️Coming soon                       | ❌                     |
| Sandbox app for test          | ✅                                  | ❌                     |
| Capacitor Plugin              | ✅                                  | ❌ Cordova compatible  |
| Cordova plugin                | ❌ Could be backport                | ✅                     |
| 100% open-source              | ✅                                  | ❌                     |
| Affordable pricing            | ✅ Start at $9/mo                   | ❌ Start at $499/mo    |
| Native build                  | ❌                                  | ✅                     |


# Register here to get a free account

[Capgo](https://capgo.app/register)
